Programing_Studio_2018

You can find code totorials about Programing Studio lecture

***Minimum requirements of the project 2***

• You have to implement this project using an advance data structures and object oriented
tools.

• You have to try to solve the QR reading problem .(rate reduced)

• Because of the reason there is a problem of reading, there should be a handle system.

• Program must be written with Java and JavaFX tools.

• The program must extract the Excel file in the worst case the .txt file.

• Instructor can close the program the middle of the grating when reopen it program can call
back old data. (you can assume without finish grading one exam second exam grading can’t
start.)

• Instructor can travel in Question view ( next or back )

• You must detect ‘How many pages exist in a one exam’ and ‘How many student’s exam paper
in the pdf’.

• Questions change with an order ( all n. Questions finish then n+1. question comes or n. students questions then n+1. students questions)


**** What Can Programmer do as ekstra? ****

• With an interface update instructor can grade 2 or more exam in the same time. When program reopen
instructor can select old unfinished exam or start to grade a new exam.

• After save button click, a new event window can open and window has some graphics according to student
success analyst according to total grade, according to Question numbers etc .

• After save button click, an autonomous pdf is created and contains three different students exam pages
that must be chosen according to total grade ( low, middle, high ). Every page has the comment generated by the program automatically on the top. (format is > Student Name : ????, Student ID : ??? ,
Category : ??? )


